Pardon me?
Miss Wang wants to transfer the equity to you for a trial
Is this equity true or false?
In case the notes are fraudulent
Who would have the right to transfer so much equity?
Although she is Miss Tang's husband
But you're still married.
This Miss Tang is the heir appointed by Tang Dao
Yeah, anyway.
I am the first person to disagree
What's the noise?
Vegetable market?
This is nonsense.
Most Luo
Uncle De, you are here.
Who doesn't know that you are Tang's Dinghai God Needle
But just now, Mr. Zhang misunderstood that I did not seize power
Purely wronged
Tang Yao is crazy now
Tang Yao is crazy
Yes!
This morning, Yaoyao was still looking for candy in the trash can to eat
Yaoyao wants to eat candy
There's sugar.
Are you crazy? How dare you hit me?
I'm just crazy.
What am I afraid to do?
I not only dare to hit you
I'm going to kill you too
Hahaha
You also saw that Tang Yao is now hurting people
How can a man like him manage a company?
Yes, Tamagawa is Miss Tang's husband
justifiable
I support Tamagawa
I also support Tamagawa
Tamagawa is the best actor
have power
To be famous
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, Don!
What can I do about it?
Song is not talented
Then reluctantly serve as the chairperson of Tang's
What do I disagree with?